Cristina Garrido Soriano
Spain
(34) 634 973 692 | cristinagarridosoriano@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/cristinagarridosoriano

EDUCATION
University of Navarra: School of Engineering (TECNUN)  San Sebastian, Spain 2019 – 2023
Industrial Management Engineering
International Industrial Management Program
   
IESE Business School. University of Navarra Madrid, Spain Jan 2023
Entrepreneurship Week. 
      Worked in entrepreneurship cases and participated in a competition developing a project based on a business idea 

Yonsei University Seoul, South Korea Sept 2022 – Dec 2022
Exchange Semester: Industrial Engineering 

Mater Salvatoris School Caracas, Venezuela 2014 - 2019
Baccalaureate in Science
      Excellence award for belonging to the best five academic transcripts of the 2019 class. 
Volleyball Team Captain
      Member of the team for 10 years, leading the team in the participation of different intercollegiate championships.



WORK EXPERIENCE
Economic Development Agency (Fomento Donostia) San Sebastian, Spain Sept 2021 - Dic 2021
Research Assistant in the Circular Economy Workshop
      Analyze the actions and consequences of six companies in the food industry to (via workshops) change their habits on to their circular economy and their treatment of waste, water and electricity, to achieve a reduction of at least 20% in their consumption.

University of Navarra: School of Engineering (TECNUN)
Industrial Management Engineering Department Project San Sebastian, Spain  May 2020 - May 2021
      Execution of a dashboard with the compilation of 50 industrial symbiosis projects in Spain, along with a report for each one.
      Analyze the circular economy news in Spain by researching and contributing to the information sector of the online magazine Circular Market.

Physics and Mathematics tutor Caracas, Venezuela  Sept 2015 - Jun 2019
Tutor young girls from 13 to 17 about physics and mathematics studied in high school. 




ORGANIZATIONS, HONORS AND OTHERS
Certified online course on Coursera San Sebastian, Spain Oct 2020
Programming for Everyone (Introduction to Python)
Online course made by the University of Michigan and offered through Coursera  

University of Navarra: School of Engineering (TECNUN)
Delegate of the Industrial Management Engineering class San Sebastian, Spain 2021 - 2022
      Serve as a liaison between students and teachers for excellent communication and successful assignments completion
      Plan class events to gather every person and do bonding activities 

Participant in University of Navarra´s google development student club (GDSC) 2021 - 2022

Participant in University of Navarra´s topical and ethics seminars 2020 - 2021



VOLUNTEERING Caracas, Venezuela 2017 - 2021
Republic of Indonesia School
        Impart basic knowledge to a group of 40 children from 10 to 14 years old in a family environment of abuse, abandonment, homelessness, sexual abuse, among others.
Hogar Bambi
        Achieve the integration of children with a bad family situation into a healthy environment and stability, offering them basic living conditions and recreational activities. 
Binding for a future
        Transform used notebooks into new ones for the poorest sector of Caracas, Venezuela.



PROJECTS San Sebastian, Spain
Software engineering group project March 2022
        Developed a Warehouse Management System web app by using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, and SQL with an external relational database constructed in Microsoft Access 
Analysis and Design of Information Systems Group Project December 2021
        Created a relational database using Microsoft Access and deployed multiple features using SQL and VBA to display specific information needed to manage an event.



ABILITIES
Languages:         
Spanish (Native), English (Fluent, Toefl IBT: 102)  
Technical: SQL, Python, Power BI, Azure, Access, Advanced Excel, Java, JavaScript, MATLAB.
Knowledgeable:Office, R, SAP, Visual Basic (VBA).
Soft skills: Adaptable, persistent, teamwork, time management and problem solving


